you know sometimes it's hard to
distinguish between illusion and reality
when were younger we take it for granted
that we see what we see and objects in
the world in front of us are precisely
as we see them and then of course it's
time for its own we have more and more
doubt about that as you recall going
back to when you were younger I'm sure
everyone in this room had the feeling
whenever child it was impossible for you
to conceive of dying so you assumed more
or less if you continue to live forever
even though nobody did before was going
to losing a child is solution but one
which most people have because that goes
with time but other illusions continue
to remain and sometimes a government
takes advantage of one illusion that
stays stays with us to a great extent
unless we have the good fortune or the
misfortune as the case may be to have
detachment another illusion is the idea
that we're living in the best of all
possible worlds this is a this is a
favorite a favorite strategy of the of
this Isis the type of government
totalitarian types of governments to not
just prices in order to keep the people
from being arrested and actually you're
seeing it applied I think rather
systematically in a number of areas in
the government of the United States to
play again and again I think you are
being assured that you are living in the
best of all possible worlds again and
again you see different tactics being
used to make the government's power
lovable actually there's nothing new
about this is early the Roman Empire and
probably even before that the patricians
and their counterparts have found ways
to make their power lovable so they
wouldn't have so much trouble from the
caedians that's the
commonly its innocence here again today
but there's a duplicitous is a duplicity
in making power lovable with false
slogans and then making things appear to
be better than they are which I don't
happen to line for example I am very
conscious of seeing fascist tendencies
in our government today I suppose that
right now that places me in the FBI file
under I'm probably found with a lot of
other people being investigated under
the title of anti-fascist activities
which is a derogatory found this move is
point of view but this is this is very
relevant to the entire subject of the
assassination let me go back let me go
back to the way things were about this
time just before the assassination we
had a young president who was showing
signs increasingly of being a forceful
president and a liberal president in the
sense that he was going to make the
changes that had not been made before
and a very strong reaction was occurring
in a number of places particularly in
areas such as Dallas Texas and this is
not an indictment with people of Dallas
but there are individuals in Dallas that
have an unusually strong control over
key individuals on the police force
which causes Dallas to be so much
different than other cities those in
Kennedy was also moving in the direction
of doing away with the 27 and a half
percent deduction on the income tax for
men in the oil business which of course
was primary was a primary concern too
some individuals of in Dallas President
Kennedy had reached a Broncos mom of
sorts with premier Khrushchev of Russia
and was in the process of reaching an
understanding with Fidel Castro I'm sure
that it is possible to have wait many
views on the value of these conclusions
these decisions that he had made but the
fact is that he was the president and he
had made them and his basic objective
was to try and minimized involvement in
the war which would lead increasingly to
escalation and more escalation until we
finally had involved in hydrogen war
which is more lesson situation in which
we find ourselves today now the reaction
of a number of individuals especially in
certain areas of Texas was that
President Kennedy in ending the cuban
adventures in trying to reach an
understanding this job in making
statements such as he made in his speech
before the American University on jun
10th that we breathe the same air as the
Russians which is perfectly true and
should have been made and it's something
we don't think about very often but the
fact that he made these statements
caused him to be regarded by a number of
extreme individuals as a communist or
person selling out to the comics so that
there was it there was a certain side of
the spectrum of essentially the extreme
right wing area especially in southern
states that had a venomous attitude
towards John Kennedy now this is just a
brief perhaps oversimplified summary of
the situation as it existed when John
Kennedy visited doubts now with that
background let's now jump from reality
into the world of illusion for a moment
and we'll describe the official lyndon
johnson administration version of what
happened it has no connection at all
with reality it has exactly as much
substance as the story of Snow White and
the Seven gloss but it has the gold
presidential seal on the outside and
that's good enough for NVC anyway the
official story is that every possible
safeguard had been taken detective
president and he was proceeding down Elm
Street having made the turn from Houston
when from his lair in the sixth floor
School Book Depository a Marxist
communist was crouched I think actually
oh there's some difference between a
Marxist and a communist but it doesn't
really matter in fairy tales you can
making the same thing so he's a
monstrous communist and these cops there
with his mannlicher-carcano he finds
three rapid shots shots a fantastic
marksmanship and as a result the
president of course is killed and the
governor of Texas is wounded and as I
know Mark Landis explained it suddenly
the this such an unusual rifle in the
ammunition so unusual that one bullet
created seven different wounds and
emerged in pristine shape as a matter of
fact there was a delay of approximately
a second and a half between the time
that the both finished going to present
Kennedy and began a journey through the
governor
no matter the president CEO is on the
outside and that was good enough for
Newsweek anyway this is the official
version in reality what happened was
this and I'm going to have to be general
for two reasons one because there are
great many things that I don't know
about the assassination I have never
tried to pretend to know more than I do
although i have read magazine articles
which have me saying things I haven't
said in indicating that I pretend to
know more but another reason I can't go
into great detail is because some of the
details we have would indicate what
would cause certain people to move from
where they are and create certain
problems for the rest of our
investigation but i can tell you
generally what happened generally what
happened was this an elaborate
conspiracy had been worked on for a very
long term there are three levels course
classification as i know you well know
as an arbitrary thing but for for
reasons of convenience we classify we
talk operating level individuals pulling
figures operating the radios driving
cars intermediate level individuals
providing services such as David Ferrie
Jack Ruby and others and then the
sponsor level which I can't go into into
much detail it's kind of high up but
those are the three general levels
anyway by the time the president laid
his turn the men who were killing was
set to go there had to be no less than
four basic points
the shooting occurred they had to be
noticed before impossible 5 i might add
before i even go into them but anybody
who has ever been a Dealey Plaza or has
ever seen a picture of Dealey Plaza will
know that if there was a lone assassin
sitting in the sixth floor the Book
Depository he would have had to have his
shot at the president as the president
approached slowly towards him on Houston
Street this was the best shot he would
ever have the fact that this was passed
up indicates along with many other
things that the lone assassin was not
there the reason they waited until the
president had almost reached the sign
was so that he was an essential point so
that he could be hid from many
directions the objective was not to
wound him not to hit him several times
but to make sure that he was dead or
dying before he reached the triple
underpass so that there would be no
danger of his surviving and having
control of major investigative agencies
such as the FBI because had he survived
and had he been in control of the FBI
every individual involved would have
been taught by now so it had to be
assured that there was overkill that's
why you can't see the autopsy pictures
that's why no one can see them that's
why a pathologist selected by this
community cannot look at me because the
autopsy pictures will sell that
President Kennedy was hit from a number
of different directions the autopsy
pictures will show that he was hit in
the front of the head at least twice was
ill that there's a hole in the
president's forehead at the temple line
and it will show that the right side
of his head has been torn off by both
coming from the right and God knows how
many other ones but at least two from
the front and you aren't supposed to see
that because you are supposed to be
dutiful Americans and believe the fairy
tale of the lone assassin because that's
what the president wants you to believe
but in order for you to believe that you
cannot see the autopsy picture that even
as I point this out I must caution you
and this may be hard for some of you to
accept but please believe me I've never
been more sincere I am sure that if the
government is able to accomplish it it
will one day reproduce autopsy pictures
which will appear to be autopsy pictures
and support the lone assassin theory I
think they're having some technical
problems
I'm just trying to say that there is
nothing they will not do there is
nothing they will not do they didn't
hesitate to kill jack kennedy in Dealey
Plaza and there is nothing they will not
do the operation for all practical
purposes continues you can see that
again and again we can in the constant
interference with our investigation in
witnesses being harassed moved away one
thing after another constant monitoring
of telephones what this means is that
there is a unique interest on the part
of high officials in our federal federal
government in the truth being concealed
from the American people the
significance of that how are going to
look further I mentioned that there had
to be four groups of suitors there had
to be a rifle firing from Houston Street
either from the wreckage building or the
daleks building I think that most of the
serious critics are in harmony about
that by now because the Sun as if
governor Connally was such an aerial
could not have come from them from the
Book Depository it appears likely if
there was shooting for the Book
Depository although it is obvious that
Leon's will have nothing to do with it
he didn't shoot any weapons that day and
there's no indication that he was in any
way involved in assassination Ximena
faculty the indications quite the
opposite it is very clear that they were
shooting from the grassy knoll not only
from behind the stone wall but further
back behind the picket fence back
towards the overpass area as a matter of
fact on the day of the assassination
such a large percentage of the witnesses
so
earn the shootings in that area heard I
should use because they're only a few
that saw heard the shooting from that
area that it was taken for granted that
the president was set in the grass and
all it took about 24 hours before the
official scenario had been issued and
the emphasis was put on shooting from
the Book Depository shooting from the
Book Depository but the main bulk of the
shots came from the grassy knoll area
and sixty percent of the witnesses in
Dealey Plaza heard those size and we've
talked to at least one person that is
that was in the grassy knoll area and
solve other men behind a stone wall and
other witnesses have seen the men
afterwards running away behind from
behind the stone wall throwing something
into the back of a car and driving off
of a rapid rate speed because these
things were rather irrelevant so they
weren't brought into the Warren
Commission hearing this is what happens
now the last parents evening place is
something that we have come across
recently several months ago and you may
have seen it they've got some attention
from the news services which is was a
surprise to us and I just mentioned in
passing if you're interested in 19 ask
questions are going to it more later
there appears that the subsurface
drainage system in Dealey Plaza was also
used dearly plaza used to be a
residential area a lot of houses there
before they remove the houses and
cleared it out to make this incredibly
beautiful closet with this instant
Mussolini arcades and all these
beautiful pergolas and things that
you've seen pictures prior to that there
were many houses so there had to be a
drainage system the drainage system is a
rather complete and it's an
interconnecting
maze of tunnels the narrowest 15 inches
wide the largest 30 inches wide through
which men can crawl for example one of
the entrances to the tunnel system is
behind the grassy knoll just stepped up
a 3 by 3 foot great and you find
yourself going down into an infant's and
the step tunnel ways leading in several
directions if you go south towards Elm
Street then you will find yourself in
one of the sewers which is a long side
of Elm Street the sewers that go
alongside of Elm main and commerce look
to the person writing in a car this
there is a about six inch high slits
into which the drainage goes but
actually inside these are like concrete
pillboxes there possibly five and a half
feet deep and a man standing inside can
easily see into the back of a
convertible we had one of our
investigators getting inside in Dallas
one morning we hadn't get in before dark
because we were afraid that if you know
if the wrong people saw him get in he
might be seen at it in there and we
never seen so I just heard recently just
after week we really found the the
application and the likelihood that the
sewer system was used give an example of
what appeared in you that that dallas is
planning to dig up this entire area in
Dealey Plaza the entire solar system and
create a great underground parking
garage and the name of it is supposed to
be the John F Kennedy parking garage
well if I had not if I had not had a
single thought about the possibility of
a sewer system having you been used
before this would have aroused Mike
ansible because this is just about the
last bit of physical evidence that
remains the same there's been a pattern
of destroying and removing and shifting
everything and I wouldn't be surprised
but what this was related to it on the
other hand it might be entirely a
coincidence anyway the sewer system the
closeness of these sewers to a man
riding a convertible down Elm Street
becomes very significant when you
consider that there was a bullet time on
the south side of Elm Street in the
neutral ground it landed on its base
among pieces of the President's head we
have photographs of the bullet and in
the photograph you see deputy sheriff
buddy walters of dallas smoking
cigarette looking down the bullet and
you see a dallas policeman firmly
standing on top of a manhole cover which
leads down into the sewer system I don't
know why he's standing there at this
time it would be kind of hard to get in
there if he was standing there and the
clock over that shoulder shows that it
is 1240 this picture was taken ten
minutes after john kennedy was shot and
his heart was still beating when the
birdman in the picture who appears to be
a federal agent although we are unable
to identify him because there's no way
to get any kind of cooperation from the
federal government is picking up the 45
caliber bullet the size of the bullet
has been identified by comparison with
real bullets and there's no question
about the fact this is the 45 caliber
bullet which landed on its base among
pieces of presents head now this was
never admitted into evidence in the
Warren Commission nor was it ever
mentioned in the Warren Commission in
any way in fact they pretended that
there was a great mystery no bullets
will ever fire
except number 3 99 which was found at
the hospital both which they can sign
the seven different wounds now the 45
caliber although it was in the picture
and is being picked up as being looked
at by sheriff buddy walkers is now
ceased to exist officially because it
creates a problem for the federal
government it's not possible to see the
405 caliber bullet from the 6.5
mannlichen side panel the official fairy
tale says that I will lose the lone
assassin therefore it is necessary for
this boat to become an envoy and already
serif buddy office has applied when we
made the photograph available that he
doesn't think you found a bullet and
it's kind of hard to remember it's a lot
of things happening that day and you
can't remember whether you found a 45
bullet sitting there or not he doesn't
think you found the bullet well today we
released and I hope it makes a new
services out here we release a copy of a
correspondence between two members of
the Warren Commission to attorneys and
one of them is referring to the fact
that Sheriff buddy Walters originally
had said that he found the bullet but
now had backed off from asking into
question about Fred so this is one
situation in which finally the federal
government has been called they have
told so many lies one line after the
other new lies to keep the old lives the
old lines of a lot this is one time when
we have finally caught them it's one
thing to know that they've lied and
anyone who's read the wonderful
or modeling work or Harold whitesburg
looked into it passed another his
government this line to another
systematically at least in this area and
if in this area God knows how many other
areas but here we finally have them
caught the bullet is so clear we knew
they would say that bullet is not a
bullet so we held off with the letter
describing the deputy sheriff statement
and now we have the Warren Commission
record and a photograph to show that the
federal government did find and
concealed a 45 caliber caliber bullet
that was certainly involved in the
assassination of President this is very
significant because it means in terms of
overwhelming probability that not just
the command of the FBI but Lyndon
Johnson himself had to know before the
sunset that evening that among the
bullets was killed John Kennedy there
was a 45 caliber bullet it means that
Lyndon Johnson had to know when Oswald
was arrested among other things for
being the assassin the president that he
could not have fired a.45 caliber bullet
and it means that Lyndon Johnson had to
know that when hawesville was executed
by Jack Ruby that they the assassins
were simply getting rid of a patsy a man
who might tell about what really
happened but I haven't heard a word yet
from lyndon johnson about the 45 caliber
bullet which is employee found 1240 it
means furthermore that even before the
Warren Commission was appointed the
command of the FBI and the President of
the United States had to know there were
a number
of people shooting at john kennedy and
that the Dallas police scenario was
completely false and in the final
analysis it means that every one of
these honorable men without any
exception prostituted himself let his
country down let you down by
participating in an absolute fraud
knowing that it was a complete lie
yes here what is your remaining comes to
article in my magazine
are you referring to the recent to
Thompson Josiah Henson article in post
all right let me answer that question
first the professor Thompson's article I
think there's a very scholarly
presentation of what the major critics
Maggie field at Los Angeles and Mark
Lane and Harold Weisberg have contended
for some years I think it was a very
effective presentation and i think that
the major points are without any
question true i think possibly you could
argue about details like his conclusion
about both 399 but i think it is a
serious contribution particularly
because of the careful way that he has
shown many alternatives remain but to
assume that there were at least three
shooting positions now with regard to
Life magazine of which articles are you
talking about the articles that say
untied in with a mafia or their son I
stopped reading life about that time I
haven't
grass
last magazine rendered a serious service
to this country year ago in its
anniversary issue when it had an article
entitled matter of reasonable doubt and
it helped lead the way in reexamining
the assassination of John Kennedy I
don't want to it rightly criticized life
because God knows what 10 oppressors are
coming from the white house now to the
management of Life magazine I'm sure
it's nothing less than that I think in
the long run that the editors of life
are concerned about the truth like the
attitudes of other magazines but the
only thing I can say about the last
article which is really nothing but a
plan presentation of pictures is that
right now for reasons which I don't
understand life is not in the battle but
I hope that we see them there again
because God knows mr. Nathan any other
questions
are you saying how do I conclude that I
will did not shoot the president that
all right well first of all there is no
evidence that he did not normally when
you are going to charge someone with a
crime you are required to present
evidence that he did do it and the
defense did not have to present evidence
but he did not nevertheless our last
packages as his defense counsel and give
you a few examples of evidence
indicating he did not the examination of
the rifle for fingerprints did not
produce fingerprints of Lee Harvey
Oswald the indications that fingerprints
of Ozil were obtained and announced by
some individuals in dallas right after
the assassination were untrue the
Federal Bureau of Investigation which is
the only sound sentencing event what was
just a soundless rather laboratory in
the country found no fingerprints of
Leo's will predict identifying the gun
on the rifle secondly Oswald was given
the nitrate test which is a very
effective test if you fire a rifle it
leaves traces of nitrate on your cheek
if you fire wasn't on your right side
your right cheek will have traces of
nitrate if she fires in your left side
your left side web pages of nitrate
Oswald was exonerated by the nitrate
tests which indicated that he did not
fire a run home I might say that the
evidence exonerating Ozil is so complete
that had he lived they could not have
had a trial it would not have dared to
come before
he had to be executed and then you had a
fraudulent commission like the odd the
Warren Commission to make it appear that
he he did these things when he wasn't
even in scene I thought the rifle
mannlicher-carcano was not even tested
to see if it had been fired that day
with very good reason since it
apparently had not been fired that day
forth Mazel was not a very good shot and
there is no acceptable evidence that he
had ever shot a rifle since he left the
Marines the last time he said in the
Marines he just barely qualified as
marksman and there's no indication be
shot since 5th the telescopic sight on
his mannlicher-carcano and never been in
his the services had never been adjusted
since the shipment and before they test
fired it they were sighted it in the
linemen because you could not fire it
the the cyclist out of line with the
tube of the gun furthermore it was a
physical impossibility for Oswald to get
downstairs and I saw at a time
especially if he had to wipe off the
fingerprints and hide the gun under the
boxes go from the sixth effort to fit to
the fourth fourth the third third second
in the same time that Roy truly and
Marion Baker went from the first and
second furthermore during the time that
he is supposed to come down and if he
had been able to do that he would have
been the decathlon champion of all time
if he's been able to do that but he's he
couldn't possibly but incidentally one
missing thing is in conducting their
test to see if he could do this is
typical of League of the type of tactics
we federal confusing
they found it in Marion Baker's
testimony is the officer who saw him on
second floor drinking a coke they found
that if the man ran fast enough I think
they got somebody from some track star
from recent track events and had him
running down the steps they found that
they could get him down there the
maximum speed to reach the coke machine
but could not get the cold out of the
coke machine honest this is true so what
they did was they brought back Marion
Baker and had him reexamine his written
statement and now if you look at it in
the exhibits in the Warren Commission
you will see where he is scratched out
and was drinking a coke that scratched
up that's what is known as rewriting
history to make it confirm to the
official fairy tale to get to another
part of the forest Tippett was shot well
I might add one more thing as a matter
of fact of time to the shooting you'll
see this in the November 22nd issue of
the Dallas Times Herald one of the men
who ran the Book Depository went inside
immediately after the assassination and
happened to see liaise with on the first
floor this is before he went up to get a
coke so I'm on the first floor well this
isn't too useful to the little assassin
theory so this was never mentioned again
in other words he was never hired in the
second and was apparently on the first
floor of the time the assassination
physical impossibility for many points
of view tempered shooting but
furthermore the the witness the only
witness they were able to find in the
hundreds of people there mr. Brennan who
was finally willing to say that he saw
Oswald window initially insisted it was
not Osment but he finally agreed it was
and they had their witness but that's
all they could get out of hundreds of
on the other hand more than one person
saw several individuals of their own
sixth floor so it any any serious
examination that the dealy Plaza picture
eliminate high as well as a possibility
of any kind the same is true with regard
to also tether officer Tippit was killed
by two men who were lighted from a car
when they left one my left in the car
and the other left running both overlook
black-headed neither one with the
slightest bit likely Osman as a matter
of fact they found the mixture of cells
on the ground afterwards one was a an
automatic shell and several Michelle's
and revolvers which was suggested to the
average reasonable man that there were
two men my song as was supposed to have
an automatic in one hand and a revolver
in the other furthermore ausable could
not possibly have made it timewise if
you use the time standard by the maine
state witness furthermore the the test
of the 38 for fingerprints indicated
that there were no fingerprints on it at
all now that was excluded from the
warren commission because of the
scandalous implications of that really
obtained that from the texas
investigation we got to copy the texas
investigation found in it at this 38
Smith & Wesson which house will dispose
have used to kill typical and then
running down the street pulling the
cells out putting in new cells then
later at the Texas theatre he's
wrestling with the officers and he tries
to kill one and it doesn't go off and
they're pulling him and they get the gun
it doesn't have one fingerprint on it
isn't an unbelievable even the Warren
Commission didn't have the stomach to
introduce that so anyway we could go on
and on the path considering to begin
with the prosecution has the burden of
proof I submit as a defense counsel in
this instance that it's apparent in
terms of probability that Ozil was not
involved in the shooting at all little
boy right there
three questions if I understand one how
many bullets were shot at President
Kennedy or how many it would secondly
how many persons do I think start at him
in third were any bullets of the 6.5
caliber found in the presence body it's
a little hard to say anything about the
autopsy because command the humans will
perform the autopsy earned his autopsy
notes and was subsequently promoted
that's true I know a deputy sheriff and
Dallas on the other hand they told the
truth and stuck to it is not a deputy
sheriff anymore but commander Humes
burned his autopsy notes and he'd been
promoted and that's a reasonable there's
no way to know well just where the
president was hit or what his autopsy
notes really had in him if we were able
to look at the photographs the autopsy
photographs we would know how many times
he was hittin fire that's a very good
question and was the first question
before the Warren Commission and yet
they did not have the stomach to look at
the autopsy because they knew what they
would see so we don't know either
because Lyndon Johnson administration is
still keeping it secret now as to how
many are involved will say the operating
group at the scene I don't have to
speculate and I don't like to speculate
there we have names of some individuals
who have participated I think largely as
a result of luck but we have the names
of some of them most of them did not
pass to our jurisdiction and we don't
quite know what to do with the names
right now imagine if you turn it over
the federal government I get a promotion
the one man that we've identified as
being involved in the assassination
works at a military base a number of
witnesses in the New Orleans area that
have wide consistently in which used to
tell the truth the government is
obtained tane jobs for them at Chrysler
or bowling it'd be amazed how many
people that work for the right exalted
company that now work for Chrysler
Boeing that suddenly developed an
interest in the defense effort but
there's no way to estimate how many are
involved except to say a hell of a lot
because they obviously were using
transistor radios for communication they
had at least one man transmitting as to
the point where the presidential route
was they had used at least four possibly
five routes five points of shooting and
they obviously had to use scouts and
individuals to stand to the side and
keep an eye open so I say at least 10 or
15 i'll tell you what may give you a
rough guide if i were to ask you all
tonight if anybody had been arrested at
Dealey Plaza for the assassinations John
Kennedy you'd probably say certainly not
but the fact is that they arrested 10
min 10 try and get their names you can't
get their names because obviously a few
things went wrong and the police stumble
across some of the men who were involved
sometimes some days things just don't go
right
this was the probable reason for the
shooting of officer Tippit because if
you study the radio logs you see a
continual reference to individuals
running back in the railroad yards and
other individuals being seen by cob
Stadium with a rifle other individuals
getting out of cars with rifles and so
forth citizens appointing these things
out suddenly officer Tippit is killed
immediately there is no more interest in
Dealey Plaza all attention turns to Oak
Cliff when these men return the list
nobody asked the question or thought
about it for several years we're trying
to get the names of some of them we've
located photographs of some of them and
we made some identification but I can
assure you there is no help from me from
the Dallas Police Department and even
less from the federal government yes
are you referring to the recent the
Thompson designs Hanson article in post
all right let me answer that question
first the professor Thompson's article i
think is a very scholarly presentation
of what the major critics 90 field los
angeles and Mark Lane and her wife
squirt have contended for some years I
think it was a very effective
presentation and i think that the major
points are without any question true i
think possibly you could argue about
details like history susan about both
399 but i think it is a serious
contribution particularly because of the
careful way that he assumed many
alternatives remain but to assume that
there were at least three shooting
positions now with regard to life
magazine of which articles are you
talking about the articles that say
untied in with a mafia or there's
something I stopped reading life about
that time I haven't ready to say
monograph I'm waiting
Life magazine rendered a serious service
to this country year ago and it's
anniversary issue when it had an article
entitled a matter of reasonable doubt
and it helped lead the way in
reexamining the assassination of John
Kennedy oh I don't want to it rightly
criticized life because God knows what
Turner prices are coming from the white
house now to the management of Life
magazine I'm just nothing less than that
I think in the long run that the editors
of life are concerned about the truth
like the attitudes of other magazines
but the only thing I can say about the
last article which is really nothing but
a plan presentation of pictures is that
right now for reasons which I don't
understand life is not in the battle but
I hope that we see them there again
because God knows we sir neither any
other questions
ah
what are you saying how do I conclude
that Ozil did not shoot the president
look all right first of all there is no
evidence that he did well normally when
you are going to charge someone with a
crime you are required to present
evidence that he did do it and the
defense did not have to present evidence
that he did not nevertheless our last
packages as his defense counsel and give
you a few examples of evidence
indicating he did not the examination of
the rifle for fingerprints did not
produce fingerprints of Lee Harvey
Oswald the indications that fingerprints
of Ozil were obtained and announced by
some individuals in dallas right after
the assassination were untrue the
Federal Bureau of Investigation which is
the only sound friend fingerprint what
was this a soundless rather laboratory
in the country found no fingerprints of
Leo's will predict identifying a gun on
the rifle secondly Oswald was given the
nitrate test which is a very effective
test if you fire a rifle it leaves
traces of nitrate on your cheek if you
fire weather on the right side your
right cheek will have phases of nitrate
if you fire on your left side your left
side web pages of nitrate rossville was
exonerated by the nitrate tests which
indicated that he didn't fire a running
oh I might say that the evidence
exonerating Ozil is so complete that had
he lived they could not have had a trial
they would not have dared to come before
out he had to be executed and then you
had to have for argument to Mission like
the osmond the Warren Commission to make
it appear that he he did these things
when he wasn't even in scene I third the
rifle men looking for our kennel was not
even tested to see if it had been fired
that day with very good reason since it
apparently had not been fired that day
for Oswald was not a very good shot and
there is no acceptable evidence that he
had ever shot a rifle since he left the
Marines the last time he said in the
Marines he just barely qualified as
marksman and there's no indication be
shot since 5th the telescopic sight on
his mannlicher-carcano and never been in
his the sailors is had never been
adjusted since his shipment and before
they test fired they are cited it in the
line because you could not fire it the
the site was out of line with two of the
gun furthermore it was a physical
impossibility for Oswald to get
downstairs and I saw at a time
especially if he had to wipe off the
fingerprints and hide the gun under the
boxes go from the 6th or 5th to get to
the 4 4 3rd 3rd 2nd in the same time
that were truly and marion vega went
from the first and second furthermore
during the time that he is supposed to
come down and if he had been able to do
that he would have been the decathlon
champion of all time if he'd been able
to do that but he he he couldn't
possibly but incidentally one missing
thing is in conducting their test to see
if you could do this is typical of the
of the title of tactics the federal
confused they found in Marion Baker's
testimony is he also saw on the second
floor drinking a coke they found two
if the man ran fast enough I think they
got somebody from some track star from
recent track events and had him running
down the steps they found that they
could get him down their maximum speed
to reach the coke machine but could not
get the cold out of the prophecy honest
this is true so what they did was they
brought back Marion Baker and had him
reexamine his written statement and now
if you look at it in the exhibits in the
Warren Commission you will see when he
is scratched out and was drinking a coke
that scratched up that's what is known
as rewriting history to make it
confirmed for the official fairy tale to
get to another part of the forest tip it
was shot what I might have one more
thing as a matter of fact at the time of
shooting you'll see this in the November
22nd issue of the Dallas Times Herald
one of the men who ran the Book
Depository when in slide immediately
after the assassination and happened to
see Lee Oswald on the first floor this
is before he went up to get a coke so
I'm on the first floor well this isn't
too useful to the lone assassin theory
so this was never mentioned again in
other words he was never higher than the
second and was apparently on the first
floor of the parent assassination
physical impossibility from many points
of view tempered shooting furthermore
the the witness the only witness they
were able to find in the hundreds of
people there mr. Brennan who was finally
willing to say that he saw hazell
dwindle initially insisted it was not
awesome but he finally agreed it was and
they had their witness but that's all
they could get out of hundreds of people
on the other hand more than one person
saw several individuals up their own
sixth floor and so in any any serious
examination of
Dealey Plaza picture eliminates as well
as a possibility of any kind the same is
true with regard to officer Tippit
officer Tippit was killed by two men
were alighted from a car when they left
11 left in the car and the other left
running both over a black-headed neither
one that the slightest bit likely Ozma
as a matter of fact they found the
mixture of cells on the ground
afterwards one was a an automatic shell
and several Michelle's and revolvers
which was suggested to the average
reasonable man that there were two men
mesaaz was supposed to have an automatic
in one hand and a revolver in the other
furthermore ausable could not possibly
made it timewise if you use the time
standard on the main state witness
furthermore the the test of the 38 for
printer prints indicated that there were
no fingerprints on it at all now that
was excluded from the warren commission
because of the scandalous implications
of that really obtained that from the
texas investigation you got a copy the
texas investigation found in it at this
38 Smith & Wesson which ossible the
supposed to have used to kill tip it and
then running down the street pulling the
cells out putting in new cells then
later at the Texas theatre he's
wrestling with the officers and he tries
to kill one and it doesn't go off and
they're pulling him and they get the gun
it doesn't have one fingerprint on it
isn't an unbelievable even a Warren
Commission didn't have the stomach to
introduce that so anyway we could go on
and on the path considering to begin
with the prosecution has the burden of
proof I submit as defense counsel in
this instance that it's apparent in
terms of probability that Ozil was not
involved in the shooting at all little
boy right take questions if I understand
the one comedy bullets was up at
President Kennedy or how many was it
would secondly how many persons do I
think son Adam and third were any
bullets of the 6.5 caliber found in the
present spotting it's a little hard to
say anything about the autopsy because
commander Humes would perform the
autopsy burned his autopsy notes and was
subsequently promoted
that's true I know a deputy sheriff in
dallas on the other hand they told the
truth and stepdaughter is not a deputy
sheriff anymore but commander humans
burned his autopsy notes and he'd been
promoted and as a result there's no way
to know well just where the president
was hit or what his autopsy notes really
had in him if we were able to look at
the photographs the autopsy photographs
we would know how many times he was hit
in prayer that's a very good question
and was the first question before the
Warren Commission and yet they did not
have this come up to look at the autopsy
because you knew what they would see so
we don't know either because Lyndon
Johnson administration is still keeping
it secret now how many are involved will
say the operating group it's a scene I
don't have to speculate and I don't like
to speculate there we have names of some
individuals who have participated I
think largely as a result of luck but we
have the names of some of them most of
them did not pass to our jurisdiction
and we don't quite know what to do with
the names right now imagine if we turn
it over the federal government to get a
promotion the one man that we've
identified as being involved in the
assassination works at a military base a
number of witnesses in the New Orleans
area bit of light consistently and
refused to tell the truth the government
is obtained tane jobs for them at
Chrysler or Boeing it be amazed how many
people that work for the roddick coffee
company that now work for Chrysler
Boeing's and suddenly developed an
interest in the defense effort but
there's no way to estimate how
many are involved except to say a hell
of a lot because they obviously were
using transistor radios for
communication they had at least one hand
transmitting as to the point where the
presidential rob was they had used at
least four possibly five routes five
points of shooting and they obviously
had to use scouts and individuals to
stand to the side and keep an eye open
so I'd say at least 10 or 15 i'll tell
you what may give you a rough of God if
I were to ask you all tonight if anybody
had been arrested at Dealey Plaza for
the assassination of John Kennedy he'd
probably say certainly not but the fact
is that they arrested 10 men 10 try and
get their names you can't get their
names because obviously a few things
went wrong and the police stumble across
some of the men who were involved
sometimes some days things just don't go
right
this was the probable reason for the
shooting of officer Tippit because if
you study the radio logs you see a
continual reference to individuals
running back in the railroad yards and
other individual being seen by cob
stadium with a rifle other individuals
getting out of cars with rifles and so
forth citizens appointing these things
out suddenly officer Tippit is killed
immediately there is no more interesting
Dealey Plaza all attention turns to Oak
Cliff when these men return was nobody
asked a question or thought about it for
several years we're trying to get the
names of some of them we've located
photographs some of them and we've made
some identification but I can assure you
there is no help from me from the Dallas
Police Department and even less from the
federal government but let me just
conclude because I know when I'm talking
about and you're going to have people
say this is impossible if I can leave
you with one thought in your mind please
remember that the man who gained the
most and take this over tonight the man
who gained the most when the
assassination is the man that was doing
the most to conceal the fast your
president lyndon johnson thank
you